update for 0.13.0 release of Node APM (#4928)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/nodejs.md

The NodeJS Tracing Module automatically looks for and initializes with the ENV variables `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT`

```sh

> DD_AGENT_HOST=myhost DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT=6218 node server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DD_AGENT_HOST=<HOST_NAME> DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT=6218 node server
```

Author: Updated.

```

To use a different protocol such as UDS, specify the entire URL as a single ENV variable `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL`.

```sh

> DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL=unix:/path/to/somesocket.sock node server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL=unix:<SOCKET_PATH>.sock node server
```

Author: Updated.

```

## Compatibility

Node `>=8` is supported by this library. Only even versions like 8.x and 10.x are officially supported. Odd versions like 9.x and 11.x should work but are not officially supported.

> If you need support for Node 4 or Node 6, these versions are supported by version 0.13 of the tracer. We will support this version until **April 30th, 2020** to give you time to update, but no new feature will be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node 4 or Node 6 versions are supported by version 0.13 of the `dd-trace-js` tracer. This version will be supported until **April 30th, 2020**, but no new feature will be added.
```

Author: Updated.

> Our policy on Node support is 1 year after a release reached end-of-life, and only for bug fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The global policy is that the Datadog JS tracer supports (only for bug fixes) a Node version until 1 year after its release reached its end-of-life.
```

Author: Updated.

| Module           | Versions | Support Type    | Notes                                      |
|------------------|----------|-----------------|--------------------------------------------|

> | [connect][45]    | `>=2`    | Fully Supported |                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [connect][45]    | `>=2`    | Fully Supported | Requires `dd-trace-js` v0.13.0+                      |
```

Author: As discussed, let's leave this out for now since it would be difficult to track the exact library version support by tracer version.

| [express][10]    | `>=4`    | Fully Supported | Supports Sails, Loopback, and [more][11]   |

> | [fastify][47]    | `>=1`    | Fully Supported |                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [fastify][47]    | `>=1`    | Fully Supported |Requires `dd-trace-js` v0.13.0+                      |
```

Author: As discussed, let's leave this out for now since it would be difficult to track the exact library version support by tracer version.

| [mysql2][26]           | `>=1`    | Fully Supported |                                                  |
| [pg][27]               | `>=4`    | Fully Supported | Supports `pg-native` when used with `pg`         |
| [redis][28]            | `>=0.12` | Fully Supported |                                                  |

> | [tedious][46]          | `>=1`    | Fully Supported | SQL Server driver for `mssql` and `sequelize`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [tedious][46]          | `>=1`    | Fully Supported | SQL Server driver for `mssql` and `sequelize`. Requires `dd-trace-js` v0.13.0+     |
```

Author: As discussed, let's leave this out for now since it would be difficult to track the exact library version support by tracer version.
